# GL-B1300 - Release Notes

## V3.104 - Aug 3, 2020

Firmware file: [qsdk-b1300-3.104.img](https://dl.gl-inet.com/firmware/b1300/v1/qsdk-b1300-3.104.img)

**New Features:**

1. Added a one-click channel optimization function.
2. Added app status interface.
3. Added DNS Encryption function.
4. Added Tor function.
5. Added internet kill switch function.
6. Added default kernel package "kmod-nf-nathelper"  to solve the problem that FTP server cannot be found.
7. Added 'dataupload' and 'ping_addr' in mqtt.
8. Added WiFi Range and support for rtty.
9. Added Network diagnosis on web panel.

**Fixed Problems:**

1. Fixed the problem that the web panel is unable to access due to 443,83,80 port settings of the vpn server.
2. Fixed PPP CVE-8597 CVE-7982 security vulnerability.
3. Upgrade 'option' module to solve the problem that EP06 not work with qmi mode and EC25 can't be recognized.
4. Upgrade netifd, uqmi to fix the metric error with the route table of qmi.

**Improvements:**

1. Optimized Wireguard auto-reconnect function.
2. Optimized the VPN conflict testing.
3. Optimized the port forwarding function.
4. Upgrade wireguard, libustream, openvpn, uhttpd, dropbear.

**Others:**

1. Changed tx power value to display by level.
2. Disabled ipv6 function by default due to leak problem.
3. Optimized wireless rate from setting mode to working mode and bandwidth mode.
4. Modified the name of server zone.

---


## V3.027 - Sep 16, 2019

Firmware file: [qsdk-b1300-3.027.img](https://dl.gl-inet.com/firmware/b1300/v1/qsdk-b1300-3.027.img)

**New Features:**

- Added Site to Site
- Added Separation of front and rear ends
- Added libustream-openssl module which support https firmware and package download
- Upgrade libopenssl to improve openvpn performance

**Fixed:**

- Removed MAC address check
- Removed gl-autoupkg ipk auto re-install function



---

## V3.022 - May 21, 2019

Firmware file:[qsdk-b1300-3.022.img](https://dl.gl-inet.com/firmware/b1300/v1/qsdk-b1300-3.022.img)

**New Features:**


- New UI 3.0, simpler and smoother operation.
- WireGuard Client/Server pre-installed, which is compatible with third party azirevpn/mullvad service provider.
- Support DNS over TLS from Cloudflare.
- Support [GL new Cloud](https://docs.gl-inet.com/en/3/app/cloud/).
- Support [GL new DDNS](https://docs.gl-inet.com/en/3/app/ddns/).
- Added client management feature which includes QoS, traffic statistics and offline clients.
- Added firewall settings page which includes port forward, open port and DMZ.
- Added **Hide SSID** option and connecting to hidden SSID function.
- Added guest Wi-Fi network.
- Added keep installed packages when upgrade.
- Added static IP address binding and custom DHCP range.
- Added Captive Portal.
- Support multiple languages.

**Fixed:**

- Fixed security vulnerability.
- Remove UPnP Server, PPTP, L2TP.


    
