# GL-X1200 (Amarok) - Release Notes

## V3.105 - Dec 8, 2020

Firmware file:

- Update through Admin Panel: [gl-x1200-3.105.tar](https://fw.gl-inet.com/firmware/x1200/release/openwrt-x1200-3.105.tar)

    MD5: 3827372b323fb3ae16e7eb0e018c6afd

- Update through Uboot: [gl-x1200-3.105.img](https://fw.gl-inet.com/firmware/x1200/release/openwrt-x1200-3.105.img)

    MD5: 212877783c27282dab91860c4b7b74e6

**New features:**

- Supported traffic statistics in bridge mode
- Supported OpenVPN bridge
- Supported NextDNS personal ID
- File sharing supported closing LAN sharing and supports shared folder selection
- OpenVPN server supported CHACHA20-POLY1305 encryption
- OpenVPN server supported Authentication option setting
- Wireguard server supported local network access switch
- The modem supported QCM protocol, SMS forwarding, adding Auth, Proto, TTL, and other configuration options (MIFI, X750, E750, X1200)
- Supported MCU setting (E750)
- Supported AdGuardHome (S1300)

Software Upgrade:

- Openssl upgraded to 1.1.1d
- Openvpn upgraded to 2.5.0

Optimization:

- Optimized real-time traffic statistics and reduce CPU load
- Optimized MQTT
- Optimized 4G to WiFi speed (MIFI,X750,E750)
- Optimized the number of X1200 5G client connections

Language:

- Supported Russian
- Fixed the problem of incomplete and inaccurate translation of some languages

UI:

- Added VPN status indicator icon to the navigation page
- Added quick navigation to Wireguard client commercial configuration
- Removed the import method with JSON format in Wireguard client 

Important bug fix:

- Fixed the problem that AdGuardHome cannot be upgraded
- Fixed MV1000 memory leak problem
- Fixed tethering problem with iOS14 system
- Fixed the problem that port 53 is exposed to the WAN after opening Override DNS Settings for All Clients
- Fixed the problem that the client of the router cannot access the address of the Wireguard server when using Wireguard client
- Fixed the problem that the Wireguard client AllowedIPs parameter does not take effect
- Fixed the problem that Mullvad WireGuard needs to manually modify the MTU to 1380
- Fixed the X1200 dual-module IP exchange problem
- Fixed the problem that some websites cannot be opened after using VPN policy (AR750S, X1200)
- Fixed other known issues

## V3.104 - Jun 19, 2020

- Update through Admin Panel: [gl-x1200-3.104.tar](https://fw.gl-inet.com/firmware/x1200/release/openwrt-x1200-3.104.tar)

    MD5: e23d7d63a1ff7aba82690fd8aa1f0de9

- Update through Uboot: [gl-x1200-3.104.img](https://fw.gl-inet.com/firmware/x1200/release/openwrt-x1200-3.104.img)

    MD5: 74653a081f460ac4d0cc7afdececbd13

**New Feature:**

- Added Tor function 
- Added internet kill switch
- Added default kernel package "kmod-nf-nathelper"  to solve the problem that FTP server cannot be found.

**Fixed:**

- Tcpdump unable to catch ingree data problem.
- Tethering problem with Samsung 10.
- Fixed PPP CVE-8597 CVE-7982 security vulnerability.

**Improvements:**

- Optimized the vpn conflict testing.
- Optimized the port forwarding function.
- Optimized Wireguard auto-reconnect function.

**Others:**

- Optimized wireless rate from setting mode to working mode and bandwidth mode.
- Changed tx power value to display by level.
- Fixed the problem that the web panel is unable to access due to 443,83,80 port settings of vpn server.
- Disabled ipv6 function by default due to leak problem.

---

## V3.027 - Oct 16, 2019

- Update through Admin Panel: [gl-x1200-3.027.tar](https://fw.gl-inet.com/firmware/x1200/release/openwrt-x1200-3.027.tar)

    MD5: 09781cc21761371c930ec1ce317a39b6

- Update through Uboot: [gl-x1200-3.027.img](https://fw.gl-inet.com/firmware/x1200/release/openwrt-x1200-3.027.img)

    MD5: c4512f7a6fee96e5ce20f91dedf38a74

**New Feature:**

- Added modem signal uploading to cloud 
- Added site to site
- Added max key reminder for mullvad wireguard

**Improvements:**

- Optimized repeating hidden SSID function
- Optimized modem function
- Optimized Qos

**Fixed:**

- Fixed LED slow reaction
- Changed to 4 mac address(WAN/LAN/2.4G/5G)